Narrator: PREVIOUSLY,
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO RECEIVE A VISIT
FROM SOME
UNWANTED GUESTS.
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
COME FORTH,
LACKLUSTER SOLDIER!
ACTIVATE
DUEL ARMOR!
SWORD OF DIVINITY,
LEND ME YOUR STRENGTH!
TIME TO TAKE YOU DOWN
WITH YOUR OWN POWER!
[YELLS]
HEY, WE JUST PASSED
THE FINAL TEST, GUYS!
NOW WE CAN
ALL GO HOME.
Tea: NOT QUITE.
THE FIFTH STONE...
IT DIDN'T LIGHT UP!
[GASP]
[ROARS]
THEY'VE MERGED TOGETHER!
PERHAPS THESE CREATURES
REALLY ARE IMMORTAL!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
WHAT HAVE
I UNLEASHED?
Tristan:
I'M TELLING YA,
THOSE 5 HEADS EQUAL
1 BIG HEADACHE.
Mayor: SURELY THERE
MUST BE SOMETHING
WE CAN DO TO
SAVE OURSELVES.
Man:
OF COURSE THERE IS--
RUN!
PLEASE,
I BEG OF YOU.
DON'T HARM US!
BEGGING
WON'T HELP!
YOU'VE GOT TO
GET OUT OF HERE!
DON'T BE A FOOL!
[ROARS]
[SCREAMING]
OH, NO.
HEY,
LIZARD BREATH!
IT'S TIME TA FIGHT
FIRE WITH FIRE!
RED-EYES, ATTACK!
AAH!
UH!
JOEY, ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
DANDY!
Grandpa: WAIT!
IN THE CAPSULE
MONSTERS BOARD GAME,
THERE'S
A 5-HEADED DRAGON
THAT CAN ONLY
BE DESTROYED
BY CREATURES
OF LIGHT!
GREAT!
NOW YOU TELL ME.
WELL, THEN,
WE NEED TO CALL FORTH
ALL OF OUR LIGHT
MONSTERS AT ONCE.
Yugi: TRISTAN!
ATTACK WITH
YOUR THUNDER DRAGON!
AND TEA--YOU USE
YOUR SEIYARYU,
YOUR HAPPY LOVER,
AND YOUR WITCH!
Tea:
LOAD CAPSULE!
FIRE!
LET'S FLATTEN
THIS FREAK!
I'M RIGHT
BEHIND YA!
[GROWLING]
LIGHTNING FORCE ATTACK!
RAZOR FIRE BLAST!
SHINING
SCEPTER SLASH!
TEA,
LOOK OUT!
NOW,
THUNDER DRAGON--
LET'S TURN UP
THE HEAT!
GO!
WHOA--AAH!
OHH...
UH.
MY HEADS SAYS
WE NEED A NEW PLAN.
HUH?
WELL, MY FEET SAY
WE NEED TO RUN!
TEA, TRISTAN,
WATCH OUT!
NOW, LET'S TRY THIS
AGAIN, SHALL WE?
UH!
HA HA!
NICE SHOT!
[GROWLING]
IT DIDN'T EVEN
LEAVE A MARK!
THIS SWORD IS
SUPPOSED TO SLAY THEM!
PERHAPS I'M USING IT
THE WRONG WAY.
WATCH OUT!
UH!
YUGI!
Tea: YOU OK?
I'LL BE JUST FINE.
IT'S THE OTHERS
THAT WORRY ME.
Yugi: SOMEONE'S GOT TO
PROTECT THESE VILLAGERS--
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE.
HELP US.
FINE.
YOU TAKE CARE OF
THE FREAKISH 5,
WE'LL KEEP AN EYE
ON THE PEOPLE!
BE CAREFUL.
IF I CAN'T DESTROY
THIS BEAST,
THE LEAST I CAN DO
IS LEAD IT AWAY
FROM THIS VILLAGE.
UH, AAH...
[GASPS]
WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
[ROARS]
[GRUNTING]
HANG IN THERE.
DIVINE ONE,
PLEASE HEAR ME.
Joey:
I HEAR YA.
BUT PLEASE,
CALL ME JOEY.
EH?
[GRUNTING]
AAH!
YUGI, NO!
I BEG OF YOU, PLEASE
HELP THIS STRANGER
TO RID THIS WORLD OF
THE FIENDISH 5.
HE HAS PROVEN THAT
HE IS THE CHOSEN ONE.
HE NOW HOLDS
THE SWORD OF DIVINITY.
People:
[HUMMING]
[GASPS]
Mayor: YES,
PLEASE GUIDE
THIS YOUNG MAN
TO VICTORY.
WE GOTTA
SAVE YUGI!
PLEASE HELP HIM.
HUH?
[SCREECHES]
[SCREECHING]
HUH--
WHAT IS THAT?
YEAH, WHAT'S
WITH THE LIGHT?
[ROARS]
HEY, LOOK!
IS THAT BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON?
Joey: I GUESS THAT'S
WHO THESE PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN WORSHIPPIN'
ALL THESE YEARS.
Yugi:
DIVINE DRAGON...
PLEASE, LEND ME
YOUR POWER
SO THAT WE CAN
DO THIS TOGETHER!
[SCREECHING]
OH!
CHECK IT OUT.
CAN THIS BE?
DID HE JOIN TOGETHER
WITH THE DIVINE ONE?
HERE WE GO,
MY FINAL MOVE.
IF THIS DOESN'T WORK,
NOTHING WILL.
YOU HAVE TERRORIZED
THIS VILLAGE
FOR THE LAST TIME!
[YELLS]
FROM DARKNESS
YOU CAME,
AND TO DARKNESS
YOU SHALL RETURN!
WHITE LIGHTNING
ATTACK!
GAH!
IT'S A MIRACLE!
THE SUN HAS
RETURNED!
HA HA!
LOOK, GUYS!
THE FIFTH STONE
JUST LIT UP!
THAT MEANS WE PASSED
THE FINAL CHALLENGE.
ACCORDING
TO THE RIDDLE,
WE HAD TO
"SLAY THEM ALL."
AND THANKS TO
YUGI'S BRAVERY,
THE DEED IS DONE.
Woman: YEAH!
HA HA!
YES!
Chanting: PHARAOH!
PHARAOH! PHARAOH!
THIS TRIAL WAS A TEST
OF LEADERSHIP
AND CHARISMA.
AND BY GAINING THE TRUST
OF THE DIVINE DRAGON
AND OF THE PEOPLE,
YOU HAVE PROVEN YOURSELF
TO BE A TRUE LEADER.
[ROARS]
THANK YOU FOR HAVING
FAITH IN ME, MY FRIEND.
Joey: DAT WAS
AWESOME, YUGE!
Tea: NOT THAT WE
EXPECTED ANYTHING LESS!
THANKS, GUYS!
Girl: WE OWE YOU OUR
ETERNAL GRATITUDE,
FOR YOU
SILENCED AN ENEMY
THAT HAS THREATENED
US FOR CENTURIES.
AW, SHUCKS.
IT WAS NOTHIN'.
REALLY.
HEH HEH.
OH, YUGI.
THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
Joey: HEY!
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
I NEED LOVE,
TOO, YA KNOW.
OH, RIGHT.
YOU WERE A BIG
HELP, ALSO.
NOW ALL YOU MUST
DO IS ANSWER
1 MORE RIDDLE,
AND YOU MAY LEAVE.
A RIDDLE?
AH--HEH--
ANYTHING BUT THAT!
JUST KIDDING.
HA HA HA!
Joey:
OH, REAL FUNNY!
SO EVERYONE'S
A COMEDIAN NOW?
YOU KNOW I HATE
THOSE RIDDLES!
FAREWELL,
MY FRIENDS!
Tea: I COULD SWEAR
THE PASSAGEWAY
WE ENTERED FROM
WAS RIGHT HERE.
WHERE'D IT GO?
KNOWING
THIS PLACE,
WE STILL HAVE TO CLEAR
ANOTHER CHALLENGE.
THAT'S NOT
FUNNY, "T."
YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL
ABOUT RIDDLES.
THEY DON'T LIKE ME,
AND I DON'T LIKE THEM!
YOUR FRIEND IS CORRECT.
YOU MAY HAVE
PASSED ALL 5 TESTS,
BUT I'M AFRAID THIS
JOURNEY OF YOURS
IS NOT YET COMPLETE.
1 TASK REMAINS.
ONCE YOU'VE MADE IT
HOME TO YOUR WORLD,
YOU MUST QUICKLY
LOCATE A HIDDEN CHAMBER
AT THE TOP OF THE PYRAMID.
YOUR PENDANT WILL NOW
BE ABLE TO OPEN THE DOOR.
ONCE INSIDE, YOU WILL
BE GRANTED THE POWER
I ONCE CRAVED--
THE POWER TO
RULE THE WORLD!
YES, BUT I ALREADY
TOLD YOU.
I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN ANY POWER,
I JUST WANNA
GO BACK HOME.
I KNOW.
BUT THERE IS
SOMEONE OUT THERE
WHO DOES SEEK
SUCH A POWER.
DR. BRISBANE!
THAT DOESN'T
MAKE SENSE!
I MEAN, YOU
SAID YOU WERE
ALEXANDER
THE GREAT!
HOLD ON, DUDE!
DR. BRISBANE'S NAME
WAS ALEX, WHICH
COULD BE SHORT FOR
ALEXANDER THE GREAT!
WAIT A SEC.
SO ARE YOU SAYIN'
ALEX IS REALLY
ALEXANDER THE GREAT?
OR IS THIS GUY AN
ALEX IMPOSTER
WHO ISN'T SO GREAT?
NEITHER.
DR. BRISBANE
HAS BEEN
A COLLEAGUE OF
MINE FOR YEARS.
AND THOUGH
HE DOES BEAR
A STRONG
RESEMBLANCE
TO THIS MAN,
I CAN ASSURE YOU
THAT THE TWO
ARE NOT ONE
AND THE SAME.
I'M AFRAID THAT
THE WORDS YOU SPEAK
ARE ONLY PARTIALLY
TRUE, DR. MUTO.
THIS "COLLEAGUE"
OF YOURS
IS POSSESSED
BY MY DARK HALF!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
BY YOUR "DARK HALF?"
THE MOMENT I PLACED
THAT ANCIENT EGYPTIAN
ARTIFACT AROUND MY NECK,
MY SOUL WAS SPLIT
INTO 2 PIECES.
WELL, GO ON.
I WAS TRAPPED
IN THIS WORLD,
WHILE MY EVIL HALF
WAS LOCKED IN
THAT PYRAMID.
BUT HE WAS
SET FREE THE MOMENT
DR. MUTO ENTERED WITH
PROFESSOR ALEX BRISBANE--
WHO HAPPENS TO BE A DIRECT
DESCENDENT OF MINE!
MY DARK HALF
THEN SEIZED CONTROL
OF DR. BRISBANE,
AND BROUGHT YOU HERE
TO UNLOCK THE POWER
THAT WE NEVER COULD.
YOU MUST OBTAIN THAT
POWER BEFORE HE DOES,
OR HE'LL USE IT TO
TAKE OVER YOUR WORLD!
NO--BUT HE CAN'T!
DON'T LET THAT PENDANT
OUT OF YOUR SIGHT.
WHOEVER WEARS IT
HOLDS THE KEY
TO THE ULTIMATE POWER.
AND WHEN YOU RETURN,
MY DARK SIDE
WILL BE WAITING
TO SEIZE IT!
I SEE.
SO THAT EVIL
SPIRIT TRICKED US
INTO PLAYING THIS GAME.
HE KNEW IT WAS
THE ONLY WAY
TO GET THAT PENDANT!
AND HE WAS RIGHT,
SO WE MUST THINK OF
A PLAN TO STOP HIM.
RIGHT!
Grandpa:
ACCORDING TO ALEXANDER,
ALL WE NEED TO DO
IS CONCENTRATE.
ALL RIGHT.
THINK ABOUT THAT PYRAMID!
WELL, BY THE
LOOK OF THINGS,
I'D SAY
WE'RE BACK!
SHE'S RIGHT!
SEEMS LIKE IT,
BUT THERE'S ONLY
1 WAY TO BE SURE
WE'RE BACK IN
THE REAL WORLD,
AND I THINK YOU
KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
UH!
Both: YUP,
WE'RE BACK!
HA--HEY!
HA!
♪ WE'RE BACK IN
THE REAL WORLD ♪
♪ NO DRAGONS
OR WEIRD GIRLS ♪
OUR PLAN WORKED.
BY USING YOUR
BODY AS A VESSEL,
I WAS ABLE
TO ENTER YOUR WORLD.
GLAD I COULD HELP.
NOW AS SOON AS WE
FIND DR. BRISBANE,
YOU CAN JUMP
INTO HIS BODY
AND REUNITE WITH
YOUR OTHER HALF.
Alexander: HELLO!
DR. MUTO!
YOU'RE BACK!
I'M SO GLAD
YOU'RE ALL RIGHT.
I'VE BEEN WORRIED
SICK ABOUT YOU
SINCE THE MOMENT
YOU DISAPPEARED INTO THAT MAP.
WELL, YOU CAN
STOP WORRYING,
'CAUSE WE ALL MADE
IT BACK IN 1 PIECE.
WELL, THANK GOODNESS
FOR THAT.
BECAUSE IF ANYTHING
HAD HAPPENED TO YOU,
I WOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN
ABLE TO FORGIVE MYSELF.
OH, PLEASE.
THERE'S NO WAY
YOU COULD HAVE
KNOWN ABOUT
ALL THIS.
ALEXANDER, ARE YOU
SURE MY FRIEND
IS POSSESSED BY
AN EVIL FORCE?
HMM.
SO, DID YOU
FIND ANYTHING?
HUH?
YOU KNOW, WHEN YOU
CROSSED TO THE OTHER SIDE,
DID YOU FIND ANYTHING
OF INTEREST THERE?
UH...
LIKE WHAT?
I MEAN,
IS THERE SOMETHING
I SHOULD HAVE
FOUND THERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
I THOUGHT PERHAPS
YOU'D BRING BACK
AN ARTIFACT
OR SOMETHING.
THERE'S NO DOUBT.
THIS MAN IS UNDER
THE CONTROL
OF MY DARK HALF!
YES.
CLEARLY HE'S AFTER
THE PENDANT.
I'LL DISTRACT HIM
SO YOU TWO CAN REUNITE.
ARTIFACT, EH?
LET ME THINK.
Grandpa: MY MIND'S NOT
AS SHARP AS IT USED TO BE.
OH, WAIT!
NOW THAT YOU
MENTION IT,
I DID FIND
SOMETHING.
IS THIS WHAT
YOU MEANT?
YES, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I MEANT.
HA HA HA!
NOW!
AFTER ALL
THESE YEARS,
I FINALLY CAUGHT
UP WITH YOU!
NOW JOIN TOGETHER
WITH ME TO BECOME 1!
AAH!
DR. BRISBANE?
ARE YOU
FEELING OK?
YES, I'M FINE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I'M FEELING BETTER
THAN I HAVE
IN A LONG TIME.
THAT'S AWESOME.
WE TOTALLY
PULLED IT OFF!
NOW, LET'S HAVE
A LOOK AT THAT
STRANGE OBJECT
YOU BROUGHT BACK.
NO, GRANDPA!
IT'S A TRICK!
YOU'RE NOT ALEX!
HOW RIGHT YOU ARE!
[LAUGHING]
AS YOU CAN SEE,
MY PEACEFUL SIDE
IS ALSO MY
FOOLISH SIDE!
HE COULD NEVER
HAVE CONQUERED
HALF THE GLOBE
WITHOUT ME!
WE'VE GOT
TO STOP HIM.
IT IS TIME
TO COMPLETE
WHAT I BEGAN
CENTURIES AGO!
YOU'RE MAKING
A MISTAKE!
DIDN'T YOU LEARN
YOUR LESSON LAST TIME?
THE POWER YOU SEEK
DOESN'T BELONG TO US!
YOU'VE HELD ME BACK
FOR THE LAST TIME!
YOU WON'T
GET AWAY WITH THIS!
Yugi: NOW, GIVE US
BACK THAT PENDANT!
GET HIM!
WE CAN'T LET HIM
GET TO THAT ROOM.
I'VE STARED AT THIS
DOORWAY HUNDREDS OF TIMES.
HOWEVER, THIS TIME,
I HOLD THE KEY.
AT LONG LAST!
STOP!
DUDE, WE WORKED TOO
HARD FOR THAT THING!
I GOTCHA!
[GROANING]
WE'VE GOT YOU!
NO! LET GO!
I WILL NOT BE ROBBED
OF MY DESTINY!
DON'T DROP HIM!
OH!
All: WHOA!
WHERE ARE WE?
LOOK, GUYS!
I KNOW YOU!
Alexander: YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO CREATED THE PYRAMID!
IT'S...SHADI!
Joey: BUT WHAT'S
HE DOIN' HERE?